H.O. BUSBY DOWSING METHOD (Omega-Alpha chart)

(from the book ‘Gráficos em Radiestesia’, by Antonio Rodrigues – Portuguese version)
This chart was developed by the Belgians Servanx brothers, and published in ‘La Radiesthesie Pour Tous’, June 1963. Its purpose is to search the numerical sequence and the number of circles to perform radiesthetic graphs according to the technique of H. O. Busby, author of the High Vitality graph. Let's take the latter as an example for demonstrate its accomplishment. We know that the technique allows to generate sequences of figures that circumscribed to a certain number of circles, capable of capture and transmit a certain cosmic force (energy) appropriate to an end specific.
By this process can be expressed a subtle beneficial energy, a energy for a particular purpose. Let's write on a small strip of paper the expression to be searched and place it in a decagon. Let’s call this small piece of paper a “visual reference”.
1. Place the pendulum in the middle of the Omega-Alpha line, on the of boxes 15 and 9 and ask the following question: By this technique is it possible numerically express the appropriate cosmic force for this purpose?
2. If the answer is positive, put the "visual reference" on the letter Omega and question how many digits the sequence is composed number with the pendulum on the Omega.
3. Place the "visual reference" on the letter A and the pendulum on the same, while with the index finger of the free hand, or a pointer, on the first home of the Omega sector. The pendulum shall indicate the first number of searched. Now put your finger on house 2 and repeat the process successively until you reach the number of digits previously defined.
4. Obtain the number, write it on a small strip of paper and place it on the Omega-Alpha line, between boxes 15 and 9. Look for this is the number actually searched, if not repeat the process from the beginning until the desired number is reached.
5. Confirm the number, place it on the Omega and with the pendulum find out how many circles will make up the final graphic.
6. Trace the circles and write the number in its center.
The dimensions are not critical, however the minimum diameter of the outer circle should be of 15 centimeters, and the digits written in thick letter.