KEITI

The first reference on the use of Keiti for the purpose of environmental rebalancing appeared in 1936, in the first book by Chaumery-Bélizal, "Essai de Radiesthésie Vibratoire" (original French edition). According to research by André de Bélizal, the statues of Easter Island would have a function to ward off the intruders or invaders of the island, since they project a strong emission of Negative Green (spectrum of waves of form). This emission produces a deep malaise, and ends debilitating its alive targets. In order to be able to move around the island without being affected by these emissions, the island people created protective boards. There were two types of boards, called Keiti, one of large dimensions, exposed in front of the shelters, and others of reduced volume. A specimen of the latter was offered to Mr. Janssen, apostolic vicar of Tahiti. This board was given to her by the natives surrounded by numerous feminine hair. This allowed one to suppose that the island people placed the Keiti in the hair,in order to leave free the movements of the body, preserving the individual nevertheless. They could thus deal with dangerous areas with impunity, both on the sea and on land, without feeling the harmful effects.
The original tablets with the immutably engraved characters retain their properties indefinitely.
The "rongorongo" writing was composed of 120 pictograms, which could be combined in more than 1,000 ways. Each image represented a word. The material seems to be all ritualistic. They worked lines of characters on wooden planks. The lines were "boustrophedon", that is, the words of a line were written from left to right and those of the next line as opposed to the previous one, upside down.
Keiti plates work as a very efficient neutralizer of harmful energies. It is now known that household appliances such as TV, radio, phone, etc., emit certain types of harmful waves. These waves can be neutralized by placing a Keiti plate under the apparatus.
The points of confluence of underground power lines, called "Geopathic Stress"points, often constitute strong emitters of harmful energies, which unbalance the energetic state of living beings, and thus become disease-causing.
These telluric waves, emitting Negative Green (spectrum of waves of form) can be eliminated with the use of a Keiti plate placed on the spot or affixed to the ceiling of the room.
In certain cases, we can see with positive results the use of the Keiti graph in the rebalancing of living beings through a witness.
Keiti does not become saturated and does not require spatial orientation, so it can be placed on walls, ceiling, furniture or even emission-generating devices. Depending on the room volume, you will need to apply a higher number of graphics.
Dowse to check if Keiti is appropriate to you and your environment.

(English text should be improved)